we do our show right on Hollywood
Boulevard right in the middle of the
action and I had a strange interaction
last night last night after the show I
went to the movies went to see the new
Mission Impossible the theater right
across the street from us so after the
show I walk out on a Hollywood Boulevard
I got a hat on and sunglasses I'm in
disguises you know I don't want to take
attention away from the superheroes that
are out there working so when I step out
the front door I see a woman taking a
picture of my star on Hollywood
Boulevard she's bent over and there's a
star with my name on it and she's taking
a photo with her phone so I figure out
what the hell I'll give her a little
thrill she's looking down and I said I
did you want me to get in the picture
too
and she looks up when she goes no go
away kind of sealed her body and she's
alarm
Oh
this story ain't over so around here
when a stranger startles you on the
street you you know you don't exactly
hug them you maced them if you you know
so I say oh hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and she
looks at me and she goes no you're not
and she's now literally grabbing her
daughter trying to get away from me
soon I think now for a second I think
about pulling my wallet out to show her
my driver's license well that seems like
too much so hoping she'll just figure it
out by hearing my voice I said where are
you from she goes Beirut and I said well
welcome to Hollywood
and now she's got her daughter like this
she's shielding her like I'm the clown
from it or something and she goes across
the street to get away from me but I am
also waiting across the street to go to
the movie so now we're standing there
next to each other waiting for the light
which takes forever and I'm looking
around now hoping somebody recognizes me
he goes hey Jimmy how you doing
I went from hunched over in the cap and
the thing rushing to the theater to
Walmart greeter I'm hello everyone
perhaps you saw one of the two times I
hosted the Oscars but nobody notices me
at all
so I'm now I'm standing there it's
uncomfortable I said hey you know I am
Jimmy Kimmel and she goes you wish you
had his money and again I think about
going to my wall to show her that I
literally have his money
I have his money and his Costco card and
everything else of this but the light
turns green and I just said I'll have a
nice trip and she goes she mutters she
goes I guess people around here can
pretend to be whomever they want and
then I went to see mission impossible
but you would have thought I was
pretending to be Denzel Washington
anyway I think I need to hire a
publicist in Beirut thanks for watching
if you like that video click the
subscribe button and if you didn't like
it will you hurt my feelings